feat(perf): Note wildcard support in transaction name search (#5769)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/performance/filters-display/index.mdx

### Transaction Name Search

> On the **Performance** page, the search bar filters by transaction name only, rather than searching for transactions by matching event properties. You can search for specific transaction names as well as [wildcards](/product/sentry-basics/search/#wildcards).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rather than searching for transactions by matching event properties, the search bar on the **Performance** page filters by transaction name only. You can search for specific transaction names or use wildcards, which can take the place of one or more characters in a search term.
```
I agree that it would make more sense to add a bit more of a description of how to incorporate wildcards in search here, rather than linking out to a different section of docs. I'd add "For example....[specific example]." At the end of the paragraph above.
